- This all right?
- Yeah.
[therapist] There
you go. Nice work.
Stop chirping at me and
let me fucking do it.
Hey. Donny.
What are you doing
here. dipshit?
Thanks for asking.
What. are you on fucking
break? Give me a hand.
So listen. the DA is gonna file
her charges on Grace today.
and I was thinking that maybe you
might wanna. I don't know. drop 'em.
Look. I know what
you're thinking.
"Why would I do that? She
pushed me off a fucking cliff."
What's with that voice?
That's how you sound in my head.
Look. I mentioned to the DA
that there's a history of abuse
and I'm betting I'm not gonna
be the only one who says that.
So maybe dropping these
charges is a... is a win-win.
Fuck you.
You got any second thoughts?
Fuck you again.
I feel like you're really still
stuck on that first thought.
You and this bitch are
both wasting my time.
Okay. Wheel safe.
I hope he doesn't get better.
I hear you. [sighs]
I still feel like that's
wildly inappropriate.
I just hate him so much.
[Paul] Quite a letter.
A lot of f-bombs.
Well. it's not to my congresswoman.
It's to my guy who killed my mom.
[sighs]
It was Summer's suggestion.
She's my new life guru.
Wasn't she hospitalized once
for swallowing a dryer sheet?
Yeah. But that's just 'cause she thought
it would help her pass a Breathalyzer.
Oh. Makes sense.
Well. how did you
feel writing this?
A little better.
I still can't get that
guy out of my head though.
So I went to his house.
You what?
I didn't talk to him or
anything. I just... I don't know.
Lately. I feel like my
brain is about to explode.
That's what I'm here for.
I'm not saying you can't
talk to him someday.
but... [stammers] ...that takes work.
and it never turns out the way you want.
Promise me you won't
go see this guy again.
Yeah. I get it.
Jesus. say it! Say you promise.
I promise.
I'm having a strange déjà vu.
- Oh. hi. Alice.
- Hey.
Thanks for coming here
today. He's got a stiff leg.
[stammers] Here's a
heating pad. cowboy.
Thank you.
Not in front of the kid.
- [Julie scoffs]
- Adopt me.
Be my grandparents.
[chuckles] All right. Don't
forget to take your pills to work.
I wasn't gonna forget them.
- I was.
- Mmm.
[Gaby] Holy shit. Sean. this is.
like. change-your-life amazing.
You should be so fricking
proud of yourself.
- Thanks. Gaby. It means a lot.
- Wow.
- Mm-hmm.
- Um. [coughing]
- What. do you need a compliment too?
- Yeah.
- But you don't cook?
- No.
- Do you drive the truck?
- Too scary.
- Do you do food prep?
- What's food prep?
I'm just gonna assume that you're
terrible at customer service.
I don't really like people.
Okay. Um. your hair
looks lustrous today.
Thank you.
- We did it.
- We did. [chuckles]
Okay. I'm gonna tear this
up and I'm also not paying.
- So. thanks for the free food. suckers.
- All right.
- Bye.
- [Sean] See ya.
You got ketchup
on your hand. man.
Could I trouble
you for a napkin?
Three bucks.
I'm joking.
- All right. [chuckles]
- Dad?
Sean? Hey.
Sean. what's up?
What's up. buddy?
So. you quit the job with
me to work at a food truck?
Oh. he's. uh. actually an owner.
[Sean] I was gonna tell you.
But I wanted to wait
until it got on its feet.
You guys want me to
make you some food?
Uh... [stammers] ...maybe next
time. We. uh... We already ate.
I had three triple
cheeseburgers.
[laughs] That's disgusting.
[chuckles]
This is really great.
I don't even know what to say.
Wow.
Uh. All right. Well.
uh. we should get going.
- Uh. you ready. G? All right.
- Yeah.
- See you. Dad.
- Yeah. I'll check you out next time.
- Bye. Sean.
- Later. Graham.
So nice to see family.
I still can't believe you didn't
tell me about you and Gaby.
Is there any chance
you just let this go?
There is not.
Okay.
- [Jimmy] Hey. Grace.
- Hi. how are you? [exhales sharply]
That's it? I'm used to you guys trying to
boost my spirits every time you see me.
- There she is! Miss Incarceration.
- Queen of the jail!
Orange is the new snack.
- Okay. We can be done.
- [inhales deeply]
So... [clears throat] ...the DA should
be deciding about final charges soon.
If she goes with aggravated assault.
it might only be eight months.
But if it's second-degree
attempted murder.
it could be up to five years.
It makes no difference to me.
[scoffs] No difference?
Eight months. you sublet your
apartment. maybe try bangs.
Goes by like that.
Five years. though... [stammers]
would also go by super fast.
[phone buzzes]
I should take this.
You know. I've been working with Brian
to connect with any of your friends
who might be willing to give
character witness statements.
You would be blown away by
how many people want to help.
Yeah.
My sister Jennie flew in. I
didn't even ask her to come.
Okay. Thanks.
So. because of the history of abuse
and Donny's multiple felony arrests.
they don't believe they
could get a conviction.
So. the state's decided
not to pursue charges.
[shouting]
[exclaims. laughing]
This is amazing!
I did it! I won!
- You didn't really do anything...
- I don't care. I'm counting it.
[shouting. laughing]
[exclaims]
["Frightening Fishes" by
Benjamin Gibbard playing]
This is so fucked.
I mean. there's no punishment for
ruining another human being's life?
I deserve to be punished.
No. you don't.
I agree with your sister. Grace.
Look. what you really
need to do is...
Oh. please don't start again with
this "forgive myself" bullshit.
I know you think that's
where I was headed.
but it was. That's
Listen. Grace.
I know it's gonna take time.
but you will forgive yourself.
No. I won't.
Because every time I close my eyes. I
picture the way he looked after he fell.
His legs were. like. wrapped
around his neck like a scarf.
Painful but cozy.
- Stop helping.
- [sighs]
Grace. it's not healthy
for you to stay here.
Just go back to
Vancouver with Jennie.
But I can't do that because
all my stuff is at Donny's.
Brian will get your stuff.
I will?
You said you had to go get him
to sign the divorce papers.
True. In the time it
takes him to sign a paper.
I should be able to pack
up a woman's entire life.
If you do this. I will
let you throw away
three items of clothing
of mine that you hate.
Deal. Take off that sweater.
My dad gave me this sweater.
Because he realized
how ugly it was?
- Because he died.
- No. he didn't.
Grace. We're gonna
get you through this.
Okay.
Pants too.
Hey. Paul.
- Hey. Gaby.
Nope.
Oh. You stopped sleeping
together. Shocker.
With you two. my
money was on forever.
I expect you to be civil.
- Would you like some coffee?
- Suck my dick. you big dumb bitch.
She's not following
the rules. Paul.
[groans]
[Julie] Hey. sexy.
Do you want to buy some drugs?
I can only pay with my body.
[chuckles] You know. I feel like
you forgot these on purpose.
Since I'm here. maybe I should
just shift into neurologist mode
and make sure that
you're eating right.
Mm-hmm. Get that mode.
girl. That is so hot.
Huh.
That's not my ice
cream. That's Jimmy's.
No. it's not.
See? Bad dude.
Never has your back.
[Julie] Into the garbage.
I gotta run.
Uh. you still okay to
meet Elliot tomorrow?
- Yeah. I'm ready.
- Okay.
Who's Elliot?
- Her husband.
- Oh. damn.
You little hussy.
Are you going to
visit his grave or...
No. Jimmy. Not everyone's
spouse is dead.
Whoa.
Oh. my gosh. Is this
like a throuple sitch?
'Cause if not. you guys looking
for a tall. Black. sexy third?
[scoffs] Please.
He's got dementia.
He lives in a care facility.
That's a lot. Paul.
[stammers] Just know
I'm-I'm here if you need me.
Wow. So you can consider
other people's feelings.
- Play nice.
- [Gaby] No problem. Paul.
[mouthing words]
She's doing it again. Paul.
Grow up. Jimmy.
Mm-hmm. Grow up. Jimmy.
[sighs]
Well. now she's
taunting me with dance.
You don't want the dance.
keep it in your pants.
That's a good rhyme.
Damn.
Look at all those curls.
It's like watching two Cabbage
Patch Dolls going at it.
Hey. Dr. Evans.
- Sorry. He's a kisser.
- [Gaby] Mmm. all right.
[whispering] Connor seems to
have bounced back really quickly.
I can't believe how hard
he's tonguing that girl down.
Liz lets him fuck here.
Chill out. I spoke to Summer's
mom. she's fine with it.
My dad would have
never let me do that.
God. white people are wild.
You know. it was nice
meeting him today by the way.
It's too bad he came
after the lunch rush.
Didn't get to see us killing it.
How about tomorrow.
we just take the truck
- and go to where he works?
- Yeah. cool.
Hey. guys. My dad wants to know
if he can come over and hang?
No. he fucks up group dynamics.
Okay. yeah.
[phone chimes]
Aw. man.
Oh.
I think I'm just gonna
go for a little walk.
You can't hang out with
his ass either. D-Train.
Yes. ma'am.
[phone chimes]
Aw. man.
[sighs]
Listen. Donny is violent
and unpredictable.
So. let's just get in and out.
So. now you have no problem telling
people about going in and out.
[doorbell rings]
Friends are supposed to tell each
other who they're sleeping with.
I shared my location on
the Find My Dick app.
It's supposed to make your phone
buzz every time I climb onto someone.
Okay. Quit pretending
you're a top.
What do you two fuck nuts want?
We're here to get Grace's stuff.
and we need you to sign
the divorce papers.
[scoffs]
Yeah. I don't think
that's gonna happen today.
- Let me check with my new nurse.
- Mmm.
Babe?
Grace. what the... what the
hell are you doing here?
- I was gonna call you...
- To say fuck off and don't come back.
Sorry. Thank you
for everything...
[sighs]
- Don't.
- Sucks when people don't tell you stuff.
- doesn't it?
- Brian.
And sometimes I'm a
top. I just get tired.
[groans]
Hi. handsome.
Oh. i-it's okay if
you don't remember me.
Uh. you. sir. are the first
man that I ever really loved.
And I want you to
meet the second.
Hey there. Elliot.
Hi.
I want to tell you how much I appreciate
your letting me date your wife.
I wish I could say that
my intentions were pure...
Okay. I-I think that's enough.
[clears throat]
Is it okay if I sit
for a minute? Hmm?
[grunts]
I'm Julie.
We're just gonna stay and chat
with you for a little while. Okay?
[Paul] There they are.
[sighs] Not many men
could have done that.
- Some might call me a hero.
- [chuckles]
Those visits must be
really hard on you.
Actually. it hasn't
been so bad lately.
You know. in the years when I
was taking care of him myself.
- that was hard.
- Mmm.
Just watching him disappear.
- Yeah.
Well. the last thing I wanna do
is put you through all that again.
Oh. God.
What are you doing?
Oh. I'm just looking to see
if balloons are gonna drop
because this is like the millionth
time you've brought this up. [sighs]
Look. you're already
taking care of me
with the pills. the exercise. with
Jimmy's ice cream that you threw away.
[sighing] Oh.
I'm only gonna get worse.
This is a completely
different situation.
[stammers] You're still gonna
have what makes you you.
[knocks on door]
Hey. Oh. Oh. shit.
I'll come back later.
No. no. please. Uh. I-I need
you to weigh in on something.
Seriously? Yes.
- May I come back later?
- [Julie] No.
Have you noticed that when
men get in a sticky situation
they make it all
about themselves?
What did you do to my queen?
Thanks for weighing in.
Did you know that Paul actually
didn't want me to go into academia.
and so he still hasn't asked
me how my teaching's going?
- Is that true. Paul?
- Hmm? Is it true. Paul?
How's your teaching going?
No. it's too late.
You know why? 'Cause
we're already mad at you.
And look. I don't know what
it is exactly that you did.
But whatsonever you did.
you need to get it together
before the best thing that
ever happened to either of us
walks her perfect calves
right on out the door.
Yeah. so whatever it is
you need to figure out.
why don't you just figure it
out and stop wasting my time.
Stop wasting her time. Okay?
What the hell just happened?
Thirty seconds
ago. I was a hero.
You opened your mouth. dummy.
[sighs]
[Tim] Delicious. right?
Gotta go to New Orleans to
get a po'boy this legit.
Wow. The only time my dad
was ever that proud of me
is when I didn't tell my
mom he fucked the nanny.
That's a sweet story.
No. it's cool. I have a
little sister. She's French.
Even if I didn't see you. I would
have known this was your food.
Probably because I taught him.
- Oh. come on. [chuckles]
- [Tim chuckles]
I thought your mom
taught you how to cook?
Nope. learned from the best.
[Liz] That's cool.
This is a little tough for me.
You and I used to dream about
doing something like this together.
Oh. man. That would have been
cool if we had the chance.
But you know. Liz took
an interest in me.
I can't bail on her.
No. I didn't mean...
[stammers] I respect that.
All right.
All right. Give it up
for the food truck. what!
My son is-is very talented.
[speaking indistinctly]
I gotta get my bag.
My mom's making me
crash at home tonight.
She's pissed 'cause she
thinks I took her Vicodin.
Which I did. but not to
use it. Just to sell it.
- Of course.
- [Summer] Yeah.
Stay here with
Alice. I can get it.
Mmm. Thank you. baby.
You're my hero.
He's sweet and he can fuck?
I didn't know that was a thing.
[scoffs]
I know you said you're
cool with me and Connor.
But are you sure?
Oh. my God. Yeah.
'Cause life has not been
the greatest lately.
and this is making
me really happy.
Aw. I'm so glad.
Seriously. you're
like a dick Santa.
- [laughing] What?
- [laughs]
- Oh. my God.
- Mmm.
That's real friendship.
[shushes]
Hey. Grace. It's me. again.
I know you think that this is the
way to punish yourself. but it's not.
Just... Please call me back.
[sighs] What kind of person chooses
to walk back into a relationship
where they have to
eat shit all day?
I don't know. I do it with you.
Grace is in crisis.
Are you really such a narcissist
that you have to choose right now
to make it about you?
Yes. That's what
narcissism is. Jimmy.
Having the courage to put
yourself above others.
That's not what narcissism is.
Just this once. can
you not do that thing?
That little thing you do where
you... you take some tiny slight
and turn it into an existential
indictment of our entire friendship.
If we met today. do you
think we'd even be friends?
This is the thing.
You're doing the thing.
Look. I get it. Back in college
when we met. I was confused.
I was straight. [sighs]
I was pretending to
be someone you'd like.
We've been drifting for a while.
The last few years I was
much closer to Tia...
Gonna bring up Tia now?
Oh. I forgot. You're like
one of those plastic dolls.
someone pulls a string and you
say. "My wife died. My wife died."
Jesus Christ.
Did you know that she used to come to
my house for dinner every Wednesday
when you had your meetings with
the weird heterosexual men's club?
It was pickup basketball.
Admit it. You don't know me
anymore or anything about my life.
No. because it's not true.
Okay. What's my husband
do for a living?
I do not like to reduce
people to their occupations.
- [scoffs. chuckles]
- It's something handsome.
Fine. How old is Alice?
Age is just a number.
- What's the number?
- Thirteen. 18. 16. 15...
- Stop me when I'm right.
- Then say them in order.
- Okay. What's my sign?
- Capriquarius.
Yes. I'm a
Capriquarius. Nailed it.
Who are Alice's godparents?
Gaby. And that druggie
she was married to.
You. Brian. You're
her godfather.
Fuck.
[sighs] I owe her some gifts.
Okay. Okay. How
about a recent one?
What have I been saying over and over
again was the best part of my honeymoon?
- All the fucking.
- That was too easy!
Answer my question.
If we met today. would
we even be friends?
- What. right now?
- Yeah.
- Like. this second? Definitely not.
- Yes.
- [laughs]
- Oh. you think...
- you think that's funny?
- Yeah.
I should slap you.
Oh. well. luckily for
me. I do know you.
And you. my friend. don't
have the guts to sl... Oh!
[breathes shakily]
The door is locked back there.
Brian. There's no way to get out!
[speaks indistinctly]
Okay.
[Tia] All right.
["Seasons" playing]
Oh.
- Bye.
- I love you.
Thanks for the ride.
Oh. no. You know the punishment
if you don't say it back.
Please don't.
I love my daughter. Alice!
She's right there. everybody!
You loser. Your mom loves you.
- [friends laughing]
- [Tia] Mama loves you!
I'm her mom.
Never forget your
mommy loves you!
[Summer] Hello?
Thanks for the ride.
Are you okay?
Yeah. just in my head.
Same shit. Can't let it go.
I love you.
- Bye.
Okay. but. Jackie. I already had three
Zooms with your psychopharmacologist
to figure out the best regimen
to tackle your postpartum.
Why would you stop
taking your meds?
Well. my friend Marissa
said that antidepressants
can get into your booby milk.
Okay. well. she's obviously
had extensive medical training
if she's using a
phrase. "ya booby milk."
She's actually my chiropractor.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
[Gaby] I couldn't help it. I actually
wrote "this bitch" in my notes.
And honestly. I didn't care
too much for the baby either.
Babies are assholes.
Mm-hmm.
- Grading papers?
- Yep.
And this one is a D-minus.
frowny face. Damn.
[sighs]
So. how's the teaching going?
It's a lot. I'm
glad I'm doing it.
Mmm. Well. then. I'm glad too.
At least they have
to listen to me.
And if they don't. I
punish their asses for it.
[chuckles]
That's the problem
with being a therapist.
You can tell your patients
exactly what to do.
Doesn't mean they're
gonna listen.
[sighs]
- Do you think I'm selfish?
- Yes.
Let me get into specifics.
Don't need 'em.
but you can hit me.
I never thought I'd be excited
to get up for work at 6:00 a.m.
- The customers suck.
- Mm-hmm.
My hair smells like shrimp. Derek
happens to love the smell of shrimp.
It's all bad.
But I love that truck.
Then what's the problem?
Well. the problem is-is that I-I
think I wanna be a better person.
Sometimes.
Sometimes I don't give a shit.
Oh. we know.
It's just that now I know that Sean and
his dad always wanted to do this together.
and I feel like I took
that away from them.
Do you know what the theory
of psychological egoism is?
[babbles]
- I'm gonna take that as a no.
- No.
But it's basically this idea that all
behavior is motivated by self-interest.
and that we are all actually
inherently selfish people.
and we do pretty much whatever
it is that makes us happy.
So. it's up to you to figure
out where your joy lives.
Is it in doing stuff
for other people?
Or is it in doing
stuff for yourself?
- Well. that was useless.
- Glad I could help.
[Derek slurps]
Oh. Hey. Paul.
Derek. Liz's husband.
How much did you eat?
Not proud.
But I'm also a little proud.
Hey. Paul.
Oh. good. I was just about to
give my workshop on boundaries.
You'll be fine.
Derek. I need to borrow your
car. I gotta go talk to somebody.
Cool. I'll Uber home.
- I'd like you to get your steps.
- Ah.
When I get steps. I get a treat.
Has to be fruit though.
Hmm.
[stammers. chuckles] You can
judge all you want. I'm happy.
I've been watching couples around
us drop like flies for years.
Well. you've managed to build a nice life
with someone who seems like a nightmare.
No offense.
She reminds me of me. [sighs]
I'm prickly and stubborn. and that's
before you add the Parkinson's.
Now. there's this woman. but
she's been through a lot.
and I'm beginning to wonder
what we're even doing.
Are you in love with this woman?
- We have to go there?
- Yeah.
Fine.
I'm deeply in love.
[chuckles] Ah.
the greatest gift.
You have to do whatever
you can to protect it.
Look. for me. I just let the stuff that
doesn't bother me bounce right off.
And if there's anything
tricky that can be removed.
we just get it the
heck out of there.
So I'll just remove
the Parkinson's?
Great advice. Thanks.
[chuckles]
You do remind me of Liz. Yeah.
[customers chattering]
Hey.
Are you into MMA?
What?
Cool sweatshirt.
- It's my mom's.
- Ah. Well. cool mum then.
You want a coffee?
Okay. One very mediocre
drip coming up.
Do you really not know who I am?
I'm sorry. No. [stammers] I
haven't been working here long.
Just thought you might...
because you killed my mom.
Can you. um... Can
you cover for me?
Why? So you can run away?
No. No. I. um...
I... I wanna talk.
I... [stammers]
How are you?
That was dumb. I'm sorry.
I. uh... I always hoped I'd get
the chance to speak to you someday.
I want to say I'm sorry.
I know that's not enough...
[stammers] ...or not right.
I don't know. Um...
I can't imagine
what you've been...
Shut up!
Shut the fuck up!
[softly] Okay.
Fuck you!
[customers gasping]
We should go to Marrakech.
Okay.
[knocks on door]
Hey. Liz. You wanted to talk?
Yep. Yep.
I have great news.
Hang on. hang on.
[chuckles] I wanna see this.
Is this about the new merch?
I want us to wear shirts that say.
"It's hard out here for a shrimp."
I'll take a large.
No. it is much better than that.
I sold my share of
the truck to your dad.
Now you guys can do it together.
Thanks to psychological
something-ism.
Are you insane?
Do you know how much
shit I have with my dad?
But I heard you guys
talking in the truck...
Here's a thought:
Why not ask me?
Hey. now.
No. I was trying to do good.
I will totally undo it.
So. then he'll know I
don't wanna work with him?
This was our thing.
Sean. wait.
Nah. Fuck you. Liz.
Damn it!
- Babe...
- [sighs]
Thank you for coming.
I'm just glad you're here.
Yeah. Well. Jennie said
she wouldn't speak to me
unless I gave you three
minutes to say your piece.
- [sighs]
- Ready to start?
- Time's going now? Okay. I gotta focus.
- Mm-hmm.
- We're going?
- Now.
Okay. [sighs]
So. believe it or not. Grace.
I know exactly how you feel
because there is so much in my life
that I need to forgive myself for.
[chuckles] And it's
not coming easy.
There are some days I think
it might not come at all.
But what I do know is
that this shit with Donny.
it is a self-destructive stall.
Please don't look at your watch.
- Just give me a li...
- I gotta get back.
It's okay. It's what I deserve.
[imitates trumpet]
That's the noise that plays in my head
whenever I come in to save the day.
Inappropriate?
We're being somber?
[sucks teeth] No
regrets. Worth it.
May I have the floor?
Can you promise not
to slap anybody?
We'll have to see
how this unfolds.
Grace.
I've been thinking
about friendship
and about how friends are supposed
to be the people who understand you
and who know what your
husband does for a living.
But then I realized that I have
been listening to your friends
make their character
witness statements.
But you didn't get to hear them.
and I think that you should.
This is from Kyra.
She said. "I met
Grace in high school.
- I was new and lonely. and..."
- [Kyra] And she saved me.
She looked out
for the underdogs.
And with the whole Donny thing. I
should have been looking out for her.
When I had a miscarriage last year.
Grace took care of me all weekend.
I knew Donny would give her hell for it.
but all she seemed to think about was me.
You know what annoys
me about Grace? I...
Okay. We're not gonna do Denise.
[chuckles] There's always one.
She doesn't like that you're
such a show-off at karaoke.
Well. she's right. I am.
- You wanna read yours?
- [stammers. chuckles]
[clears throat]
"I love my little sister
more than anyone."
Mmm. [chuckles]
"I used to think I needed to protect
her. because she is truly a light."
[scoffs]
"Donny tried to snuff it out.
But in the end. her light was stronger
than I ever could have imagined.
And I'm so glad it was."
Don't listen to me.
Grace. Listen to them.
What do you say?
["Letting Go" playing]
Did you consider the fact
that it's inappropriate
for a doctor to date a patient?
- We did.
- Yeah.
And then we decided
we didn't give a shit.
[all chuckle]
Look. I don't really
need a new doctor.
To be honest. Dr. Sykes. sh... she's really
a much better neurologist than you are.
That's very sweet.
but also quite rude.
I wanna give Julie a chance
to just be my girlfriend.
You think you can attend
appointments as his partner
and not as the
"world's best doctor"?
Oh. you'll never see me again.
[chuckles] I'll go
get some intake forms.
- I like her.
- Yeah. I can tell.
Which is why we are absolutely gonna
find you an ugly old man instead.
N-No.
This will be good to
keep you on your toes.
And besides. you're a much
better kisser than she is.
- You got that straight.
- Yeah.
[imitates trumpet]
That's the noise that plays in my
head whenever I come home to see you.
Oh. Hey.
It's also your hero noise.
They're very similar.
- What's going on?
- Jimmy came for dinner.
[sighs] It's Wednesday.
so I thought. um...
I thought we could
start a new tradition.
[chuckles] Okay.
I was just saying how interesting
it is that a Gemini like you
ended up with a management
consultant like Charlie.
That is crazy.
I'm going to grab more wine.
Okay.
[inhales deeply]
He's a management consultant?
That's what it says
on his website.
- He has a website?
- [chuckles]
Beaujolais-Village.
- 2019. for you to open. please.
- Oh. Whoa. Okay.
- And will you please...
- Oh.
Adorn the microgreens?
Which I believe in French
means small greens.
[chuckles]
[speaks indistinctly]
[breathes heavily. sniffles]
Fuck! Fuck!
[breathes deeply]
[Connor] Hey. [chuckles]
My dad put his watch on me
and told me to walk around the block
four times so he can eat some fruit.
[breathing heavily]
- Are you... Are you all right?
- No.
Don't make me talk.
I don't wanna talk.
- [cries] I don't wanna talk.
- It's okay. No. it's okay.
It's okay.
I'm here. I'm...
What... What can I do?
[breathing heavily]
Whoa. Okay.
What do you...
Kiss me.